Personal Resume & Portfolio Website

This is the codebase for my personal resume and portfolio website. It showcases my professional background, projects, and contact information in a clean, responsive layout.

Features

About Section: Highlights personal background and skills.

Portfolio Section: Showcases projects with images and descriptions.

Resume Section: Details professional experience and education.

Contact Form: Allows users to get in touch directly through the site.

Getting Started

Follow these steps to set up and deploy the website:

Prerequisites

A code editor (e.g., Visual Studio Code).

Basic knowledge of HTML and CSS.

Hosting platform account (e.g., GitHub Pages, Netlify, or Vercel).

Installation

Clone or download the repository:

git clone https://github.com/yourusername/portfolio-site.git

Navigate to the project directory:

cd portfolio-site

File Structure

index.html: Main HTML structure of the site.

styles.css: Contains all the styles for the site.

images/: Folder to store project images (e.g., project1.jpg).

Deployment

GitHub Pages:

Push the repository to GitHub.

Enable GitHub Pages under repository settings.

Your site will be live at https://yourusername.github.io/portfolio-site/.

Netlify:

Drag and drop the project folder to Netlify's deploy page.

Netlify will provide a live URL.

Vercel:

Link your repository to Vercel.

Vercel will handle deployment and provide a live URL.

Customization

Open index.html and update the placeholders:

Replace Your Name with your actual name.

Update project details under the portfolio section.

Modify the resume section with your job and education history.

Update styles.css to customize the appearance:

Change colors, fonts, and layout as needed.

Contact Form Setup

The contact form in this project is static and requires a backend to process submissions. Use a service like Formspree or EmailJS to handle form submissions.

Technologies Used

HTML5: For the structure.

CSS3: For styling and layout.

Google Fonts: For typography.

License

This project is open-source and available under the MIT License. Feel free to use and modify it for personal or professional purposes.
